## Week 5

The Internet's memories of some things are very short, but many memories are difficult to erase. Because the population base is very large, it is often difficult for people to think of searching for the past information of a person in their network. This has led to an endless stream of online scams. I have been cheated by someone online few years ago even though I have checked the page of its social media. It is difficult for most people to distinguish between true and false and to be able to obtain enough effective information. On the other hand, netizen usually can find information together and spread it quickly. One teacher in my high school was criticized by many students because he was so strict and the teaching method was uncomfortable. Soon some people put his former records on the school forum and fabricated many rumors of him. The teacher was demoted shortly afterwards. Even though it has been four years since I graduated, the students would still mock him. Just as it mentioned on the broadcast, people will remember that. If you talk to them not to memorize something, they may have deeper impression of it. We can delete our posts, but we don't know how many people saw them and how much they remembered. It has always be discussed that people should have right to be forgoten. The cleanup of credit records every five years can ensure that people with bad records can live a normal life to a certain extent, but this system cannot be applied to social media. Not to mentiont that those official systems are under risks of information leakage. In my opinin, any tools including ClearView and credit systems should be closely monitored and carefully maintained.
