## Reading response3

In "Capitalism in the Surveillance Age: Fighting for the Future of Mankind on New Power Boundaries," Shoshana Zuboff gave a comprehensive introduction to the new forms of economic oppression that have penetrated into our lives: Modern technology company. Zuboff pointed out that supervisory capitalism goes beyond the traditional system of private companies, not only accumulating supervisory assets and capital, but also accumulating rights and operating without a meaningful consent mechanism. In addition, these companies hide their purpose in complex and lengthy consent, without checking the box, users are unable to access to many service. Not only in applications, webpages also compell users to unclose some of their information. For example, I want some music tracks for my project, nine of ten webpages I opened namely "free resource" required login in with social media account, which I believe has nothing to do with the webpage. Professor Zuboff believes that the financial crisis pushes the process of earning profit with data forward. She mentioned that Google founders initially refused to advertise with the data they collected, but the environment makes people to change their way. I think for the market as a whole, surveillance capitalism is not caused by some people breaking their own principles. Surveillance capitalism is a trend. Due to the accumulation of data, when people find that they can profit from it, an interest chain will inevitably be formed. People are performing activities that can collect data all the time: using software, browsing the web, and going in and out of certain places. User behavior is more like raw materials in a factory-no factory will directly sell raw materials, but will go through a series of processing, and sales of these raw materials will make predictions about future behavior more profitable. And this process of integrating information cannot be done by an individual. Professor Zuboff did not raise the point of how individual could treated with current condition, and this is what we should keep thinking in the future.
