## Reading response2

"Technology is the primary productive force", "Science and technology make life better", these slogans keep appearing around us. But the quality of life cannot be equated with social justice. The reality is that the application of technology is gradually exacerbating the gap between people. If you have or are proficient in using a certain technology, then the situation will be very advantageous. Technology will multiply your advantages and bring you a lot of resources. If you have no skills, you can only engage in low-return occupations. With the emergence of more and more technologies, people need to invest more time and energy to learn this knowledge. People often choose a specific field to deepen their understanding, but this causes them to ignore other fields. And neglect, or lack of relevant knowledge, has led to more estrangement and unfairness. As Joy Buolamwini mentioned in her speech, when she participated in activities in Hong Kong, the communication algorithm worked well for participants other than her. The algorithm cannot recognize her face. This may be caused by the developer not importing all kinds of data when training the program. As an important part of the application of technology, the developer's own experience and ideas have led to technology bias. Take machine learning as an example. In the video of Machine Learning and Human Bias, the author realizes that before, people directly input the methods of solving problems into the computer manually, and machine learning is to let the computer simulate the way of human learning. The human learning process is from less to more. Similarly, the feedback of the machine depends on the number of samples provided by the trainer. Perhaps the computer can process the facial data of all humans in the world so that facial recognition programs can identify all individuals, but this does not avoid the existence of bias.Just as every reader has a different idea about the book, there are many differences in how each user utilize technology. Before reading In Coronavirus Fight, China Gives Citizens a Color Code, With Red Flags, I agree with the existence of health codes. I have never been to a medium-to-high-risk area, and I think strict monitoring can help control the spread of the virus. But I have heard that health code holders did not go to high-risk areas but "over the wall" to browse foreign websites, causing the health code to turn red. During the Spring Festival at home, I encountered many people who were refused public transportation because they did not have a mobile phone or a valid ID. Once I also had to walk home on foot because I couldn't take the subway for my phone was out of power. The use of health codes and the monitoring of travel schedules force people to be bundled with their mobile phones and the Internet, and it will be difficult to move without any one. In the post-epidemic era, we need to re-examine the use of big data and technology and the social issues behind it.
