## Reading response4

The first example I thought about is the weather report. When I was in middle, many people complained about the weather report because of its inaccuracy, while in recent years, with new technology and scientific methods of data collection, the weather report has became increasing important.

The second example is video application such as Youtube and Tiktok. They asked users preference and access to the searching history, and then provide videos with same topic.

The third is transportation prediction. From 2018, I found that map application such as Gaode map started to provide information of the bus arrival time. In addition, taxi softwares will give users the estimated waiting time according to the traffiction and street distribution.

In my opinion, predition based on macro data help us to prepare for the future. However, we cannot rely entirely on such predictions. First of all, such forecasts can also be wrong. My taxi-hailing software often shows that the driver has a few minutes to arrive, but the driver often exceeds this time. Sometimes a time difference of one or two minutes will cause more problems later. On the other hand, the use of this prediction mechanism on social media and video software will cause users to be increasingly limited in their future information intake. Recently I was watching a talent show and searched for some celebrity related videos on my video software. After two days, I found out that my homepage was full of videos about certain content that were basically the same. Due to the large number of users on the website, the number of submissions is huge. Although there are many good videos, more submissions are simply reorganizations of existing videos or image materials. What’s more annoying is that it often takes me time to watch the video before I know that I’ve watched similar content. We once discussed the filter bubble in social software in a class. It is difficult for people to break their own bubbles into new fields, and this kind of big data prediction exacerbates the formation of filter bubbles.I am not opposing people to learn more about what they are interested in. I just feel tired from a lot of repetitive content, and when I try to understand new areas, it is hard to find where to get started. Therefore, I think that data forecasting improves people's quality of life on the one hand, and makes people lazy on the other hand. Just as Hannah Fry said in the article that data can only predict events, but cannot give the reasons behind them, and these reasons are what people should think about.
