## Reading response

In these two articles, Kate Crawford discusses various issues in the use of big data from a macro perspective, while Giorgia Lupi shares his experience of collecting and processing data from the perspective of individuals and designers. In contrast, Giorgia Lupi has a more optimistic attitude towards big data and data visualization. I used to think that big data is a new technology, just like Artificial Intelligence. In the recent reading and learning, I have gained some new understanding of data. The media and officials often advocate big data but fail to explain the meaning behind this term. They overemphasized "big" and ignored the "data". Talking about data, the inevitable questions are: what is the source of the data, how to obtain the data, and what the data will be used for. Crawford mentioned in the article that countless researchers have great enthusiasm for social media data, such as Twitter. They obtain users' personal information, tweets, and social networks from this platform to verify their assumptions. But collecting data based on assumptions is inherently biased. But collecting data based on assumptions is inherently biased. Another situation is that researchers try to explain the correlation after collecting and processing some data sets. This situation is more prone to misunderstandings. Both authors mentioned in the articles that the data is misleading. This is because people try to explain the relationship between two variables that are not directly related but have the same trend. This is the disadvantage of blindly analyzing data without context. In psychology class the professor talked about an example that New York security agency found that the increasing ice-creame selling is positive related to the Crime rate. In fact, the sales of ice cream are due to the hot weather, and the increase in crime rate is due to the greater fluctuation of people's emotions in the hot weather. Although the analysis and utilization of a large amount of data has proved to bring huge economic benefits, many situations contrary to expectations also exist. Shopping software often recommends products based on search records. However, for many products such as cars and large household appliances, most people will not repeat purchases in a short period of time. Therefore, over-recommendation of products will cause a lot of waste. Just as one title of Crawford's article that "Bigger data are not always better data." I think people shouldn't just confine themselves to the research data itself. Big data is just a tool. We should spend more time studying how to use this tool correctly to reduce misleading information and protect personal information.
